today Kevin and I are gonna try these
limited-time cheeto sweet toast we found
League of them in our area I think
Kentucky was the last area of the United
States to get them there were 268 at
Walmart they were on an ink app so easy
to spot we just had to get a min these
are cinnamon sugar puffs which is
totally different for Cheetos because
she does her have always been cheese so
these dregs their Easter baskets and
Easter eggs for Easter yeah they're for
Easter get those taste buds jumping with
every sweet soft crunch of cinnamon
sugar sweet Oh snacks so one ounce or 25
pieces is one kind of big smell really
good there's no like they smell like a
cinnamon toast cereal little malls I
expected them to be really really
crunchy and they're not they are easy to
chew them no wait a puff I'm gonna be
honest they remind me more of cereal
more of cereal assault two more throws
it's just a cinnamon there's a really
good I like good davit the texture of a
a Cheetos puff with that really strong
cinnamon sugar flavor you see a lot of
cereal I don't think it's strong a ruin
now I I can I can taste it it's
definitely there the cinnamon sugar but
I could do with some more sugar
I could definitely do with some some
like when you look at this you see a lot
of cinnamon on that but you don't see a
lot of like crystallized sugar
I would like to be able to see the sugar
on it they do have more cinnamon than
sugar that's true they have a greasy
feel to them - I like when you're eating
them like in the hands feels a little
holy and when you're eating them I feel
a little crazy I mean I think they're
good they're good is it something that I
would get again no I wouldn't would you
would you both maybe if I was in the
mood for some crunchy and sweet yeah
because you can get 25 for one six no
they're pretty good size and you like to
eat something sweet at night so so for
Kevin you might see these again in a
grocery haul maybe maybe not for me not
so much I would rather if I'm gonna have
cinnamon sugar I would rather have
something else yes and they are a little
more cinnamon tea than sugary and I'm
not giving anybody's name that
recommended these because a lot of you
recommended them and I appreciate it
very much but I don't rolling anybody
out so so I really appreciate the
recommendation but if you do get them in
your area if you haven't tried them then
try them there they're worth getting at
least lunch you know even for just a
little novelty thing to share with your
kids or somebody else so thanks for
watching